Minor changes in to update the signup process (#6843)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: store-for-business/sign-up-microsoft-store-for-business.md

**To sign up for Microsoft Store**

> 1.  Go to [https://www.microsoft.com/business-store](https://www.microsoft.com/business-store), or [https://www.microsoft.com/education-store](https://www.microsoft.com/education-store) and click on any app then click **Get the app**. It will ask you to enter work email address and click **Next**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Go to the [Microsoft Store for Business](https://www.microsoft.com/business-store) or [Microsoft store for Education](https://www.microsoft.com/education-store). Select any app then choose **Get the app**. Enter your work email address and select **Next**. 
```
